Haji (#66)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/haji_001.txt

//魅音rvS23/03/VTH_mion1001.えー、この物語はフィクションです。krvS23/03/VTH_mion1002.間違いなくフィクションです。krvS23/03/VTH_mion1003.よって実在する場所、人物、団体名などとはr一切関係ありません。krvS23/03/VTH_mion1004.……よいこのみんな、真似しちゃダメだよ？
	PlaySE(4, "ps3/s23/03/vth_mion1001", 256, 64);
	OutputLine(NULL, "えー、この物語はフィクションです。",
			NULL, "Eh, this story is a work of fiction.", Line_WaitForInput);
	PlaySE(4, "ps3/s23/03/vth_mion1002", 256, 64);
	OutputLine(NULL, "間違いなくフィクションです。",
			NULL, "Without a doubt, it's fiction.", Line_WaitForInput);
	PlaySE(4, "ps3/s23/03/vth_mion1003", 256, 64);
	OutputLine(NULL, "よって実在する場所、人物、団体名などとはr一切関係ありません。",
			NULL, "Any resemblance to places, people, or corporations is purely coincidental.", Line_WaitForInput);
	PlaySE(4, "ps3/s23/03/vth_mion1004", 256, 64);
	OutputLine(NULL, "……よいこのみんな、真似しちゃダメだよ？",

> 			NULL, "Plagerism is a no-no, okay everyone?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Plagiarism is a no-no, okay everyone?", Line_Normal);
```

> 			NULL, "Plagiarism is a no-no, okay everyone?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: Are you sure this isn't supposed to be a "don't do this at home" / "don't actually do this"?

//梨花rvS23/05/VTH_rika1001.「なお特別編の関係上、本編とは微妙に話がかみ合っていなかったりもしますですが、kvS23/05/VTH_rika1002.こんな平和な日常もあったかもということで皆さん、あたたかく見守ってくださいなのです。ぺこり」
	PlaySE(4, "ps3/s23/05/vth_rika1001", 256, 64);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「なお特別編の関係上、本編とは微妙に話がかみ合っていなかったりもしますですが、",

> 			NULL, "Now this story is a bit particular in that it doesn't mesh well with other fragments,", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Now, this is a special chapter that doesn't fit in well with the main series,", Line_WaitForInput);
```
